hi YouTube I'm back and this time it is
a real unboxing of something that I
bought and not just on like a
helmet or something as you can see it's
a the Nike Air Force once and it's a
black box because it's New Years the
30-30 first year of their force ones and
with that something special here today
we got size 9.5 the air force ones from
the year of the snake pack and these are
the low edition I don't like the high
tops I it's just something I like so
let's have a look here of course
certificate of authenticity and here we
have the shoes as you can see quite
colorful
and let's take a closer look on them the
toe box here this one is rubberized
leather I believe and as you can see
it's snake pattern on these but i must
say i don't really like it because to me
it looks like it's it's just new book
with burnt in squares on it so that it
feels like or looks like it is the snake
skin but it isn't and you can see it
real really well here and down to this
whoosh it's three four four four
stitches on it all the way and on the
back 2013 heel tab and the midsole is
leather and also with with the snakeskin
pattern the bottom is just your regular
purple purple bottoms like like the kobe
editions it's a it's a kobe purple color
and let's have a look at this is some
kind of logo and with the snake that is
eating itself actually I don't speak
Chinese so I don't know what what this
is or and the Dubray it's also some kind
of logo I don't know but I find out the
inside is I think or I don't really know
what the material is I must say I don't
like it because
it feels too stiff with it but they
might work so really don't i don't
bother that much and just regular black
laces same thing with the other pair as
well and here we actually got i haven't
opened these yet so let's have a look
like air force once it's there just
writing that it's one of the ones and
just some fun facts with it yeah here
you can see how the shoe is yeah so this
is the year of the snake 2013 edition
the first ones might come out with
something more i don't know i got these
early from from sneakers and stuff in
stockholm i live in oslo in norway so
it's not as far away i saw that the high
tops are out now but i really don't like
him so I'm not going to cop him but yeah
take a look and buy them they might
spark up in prices like the year of the
rabbit did last year so thank you for
watching and comment and do whatever you
feel like and I'll see you later bye